the late late shows Craig Ferguson can
now add author to his list of attributes
is debut novel Craig Ferguson between
the bridge and the river it's described
as a romantic comic Odyssey that's
impossible to summarize and impossible
to stop reading the reviews are
unbelievably they go on the internet
yeah everywhere the good thing about the
internet you can write your own room
industry just go on you say Oh foxy lady
29a right let's book I ever ever behind
a boat yeah so it's very popular with
folks lately 29 or whoever dies so
you're doing five shows another we say
400 300 2 million shows a year a book I
you know but it's something that keeps
you awake at night and you kind of I
wrote most of the weekends and you know
what I'm not waiting table I'm an
immigrant I did more than one job we r 0
so I get out there I did my leaf blower
thing or an anchor and then I do the
late late show and then I got that the
book to write and yeah then I you know I
do some other stuff basically it's the
story of four guys right sort of bug I'm
read in a while yeah it's for guys that
aren't on page 30 will always remember I
yeah it's a story about you know what it
really is about it's about unexpected
redemption is what it's about it's about
it's about surprising stuff that happens
it it's a novel but it's kind of you
know that James Frey book they know
you'll overnight and it's all there was
a million little pieces of crap I wasn't
true well this is kind of like that in
Reverse I'm saying it's a novel by love
is actually offer you and then in about
a month claim about you scandal people
like wait a minute here dis resides
there now it sure we feel cheated so
you'll be on Oprah in other words crying
yeah yeah I'll do a little winter so so
important I junkie write his memoirs I
live in America is outraged with a joke
Eli a junkie like I'm a junkie try to
get my break there you know so talk
about your on Nelly what we were greeted
you with a nice balmy day here today
enjoy I can't believe how cold as you i
come from a cold claim i know my first
wife was scored a goal
I know what cold that you got message I
am Telling You this is this is on but
this is unbelievable I mean I saw people
I was doing a comedy club last night
people want out safe to smoke they died
right outside doing the smoking or the
cold is that right they died while who
can okay we very quickly hurry goggle
you have to wait no it's just like home
outside you're done like mr. freeze yeah
there was a fire in the hotel that I
wasn't there was a little fire in the
hotel and I go into the fire department
they're like where we go there's a fire
in the hotel's I'm like where God can I
want to get close to that don't warm up
away I tell us where we go see you
tonight quickly I zanies in it's a java
and vernon hills tomorrow check the
internet will hook people thanks buddy
thanks gonna see a guy the late late
show right here after